Minor DGS fixes and addition of some extra information (#243)
RoseauTechnologies/Roseau_Load_Flow: doc/Changelog.md

## Unreleased

> - {gh-pr}`241` Fix cross-sectional area of DGS line types created from line elements.

Author: ```suggestion
- {gh-pr}`243` Fix cross-sectional area of DGS line types created from line elements and special case
  invalid PwF line geographical coordinates table.
```
